FPDatabase version history
--------------------------

1.0.0.1 - 	Non-valid build, version number discarded.

1.0.0.2 -	* Upload data:	earlier version could not extract dates correctly from the ".out" file
				for some dates.

		* General:	deallocation of all forms upon closing the program.

		* General:	new features and changes introduced by David.


1.0.0.3 -	* Plate schemes:	can now create plate schemes by copying from Excel worksheets.

		* Plate schemes:	all wells do not need to have a sample anymore (empty wells allowed).

		* Plates/Plate schemes:	Possible to view the samples on either plates (from the Start menu) 
					or plate schemes (when creating a plate).

		(Database: not possible to create two plate schemes with the same name anymore.)

1.0.0.4 -	* General:	changed all variables for database IDs from integers to longs to deal
				with overflow problems.


1.0.0.5 -	* General:	checks against the result database that the correct version of the
				FP database program is running.

		* Upload data:	pressing "Cancel" in the raw data file dialog no longer causes a crash.

		* General:	all forms updated against the database when closed and reopened.

		* Upload data:	the SNP type is verified against the assay in the result database.

		* Upload data:	the filenames of the loaded raw data files and genotype files are stored
				in the FP database.

		* Upload data:	a proper error message is displayed if a well exists in the genotype file
				but not on the plate in the database. Also, if a well exists on the plate
				but not in the genotype file, the user is warned.

		* General:	switching practice mode to "on" in ResultEntry causes the FP database
				program to use the practice databases as well.

1.0.0.6 -	* Upload data:	In the previous version, the (possibly) flipped SNP type was verified against
				the SNP type in the genotype file. This is now changed so that the "original"
				SNP type (as stored in the database) is verified against the SNP type in the file.
				(Because both the assay and genotype SNP types are flipped in the same manner
				when data is viewed, so if one is flipped, the other is also flipped.)

1.0.0.7 -	<After David's changes, summer 2004. See separate list>.

1.0.0.8 -	* New but unchanged build because some code files from other projects had been put in the FPdatabase
		  folder.

1.0.0.9 -	* View data:	Included the ratio unit in the view data listing.

1.0.0.10 -	* Upload data:	The previous versions set some of the run information for ALL ROWS
				in the run table to the latest uploaded data. This was changed to
				only updated the correct rows.

		* Upload data:	The program no longer crashes when Upload data is selected a second
				time.

1.0.0.11 -	* General:	It is now possible to "soft-delete" plates and plate schemes.

		* Upload data:	The names for the raw data file and result file are removed from the text boxes
				when results for a plate have been uploaded.

1.0.0.12 -	* General:	Recompiled for connecting to new database server (ABACUS).

1.0.0.13 -	* General:	Reads the database connections from a configuration file.


------
<More than 6 years without updates, last update was before 2009>
------

1.0.5543.24683		9/3 2015
			General					The FPdatabase code is converted to the .net framework (Visaul Basic) instead of VB6, which implies
								-> FPdatabase can be installed without explicit registration of specific ocx files
								-> FPdatabase is compatible with Excel 2010

			Upload data				Bugfix: More extensive functionality to parse date tags from raw data files (ie person A creates the file with
								regional settings = english, person B tries open it with regional settings = swedish)

1.0.5590.24238		23/4 2015
			Create Plate Scheme			Bugfix for creating plate schemes with samples that were not previously registered in the FP database. 
								(internal) the error occured when threr was more than one recordsets in the same transaction. This worked at the time the 
								code was writen in VB6, but don't work in the .net network. 
